Add a sample of using Q# code with F# driver (#164)
Microsoft/Quantum: Samples/src/FSharpWithQSharp/README.md

# Using Q# with F#

> This sample shows how to use Q# code with F# classical driver. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample shows how to use Q# code with a classical host program written in F#.
```

> Q# code is compiled to C# for the purposes of local simulation, so using Q# with C# is very straightforward, as described in the documentation. Using Q# with F# is a little less obvious, since you can't mix Q# and F# files in the same project. You have to create a Q# library (which will yield a .csproj project with only Q# files in it) and to reference it from a purely F# application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Q# code is compiled to C# for the purposes of local simulation, so using Q# with C# is very straightforward, as described in the documentation. Using Q# with F# is a little less obvious, since you can't mix Q# and F# files in the same project. You have to create a Q# library (which will yield a .csproj project with only Q# files in it) and then reference it from a purely F# application.
```

The steps are as follows:

1. Create a Q# library `QuantumCode` and write your quantum code in it.
2. Create an F# application (in this case a console app targeting .NET Core) `FsharpDriver`.
3. Add a reference to the Q# library to the F# application.

>    You can use [Reference Manager](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/ide/how-to-add-or-remove-references-by-using-the-reference-manager) in Visual Studio to do that, or you can add the reference from the command line:

Reviewer: The docs team tends to suggest removing the `en-us` from URLs so that they automatically redirect to user's preferred languages when available.

```suggestion
   You can use [Reference Manager](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/ide/how-to-add-or-remove-references-by-using-the-reference-manager) in Visual Studio to do that, or you can add the reference from the command line:
```

    ```PowerShell
    PS>  dotnet add .\FsharpDriver\FsharpDriver.vbproj reference .\QuantumCode\QuantumCode.csproj
    ```
   

> 4. Install the NuGet package `Microsoft.Quantum.Development.Kit` which adds Q# support to the F# application.

Reviewer: Is this required? My understanding was that this should be included transitively by the project reference to the Q# application.

Author: I've checked that it does get included transitively indeed; I'll remove this.

>    You will not be writing any Q# code in `FsharpDriver`, but you will need to use functionality provided by the QDK to create a quantum simulator to run your quantum code on, and to define data types used to pass the parameters to your quantum program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You will not be writing any Q# code in `FsharpDriver`, but you will need to use functionality provided by the Quantum Development Kit to create a quantum simulator to run your quantum code on, and to define data types used to pass the parameters to your quantum program.
```

5. Write the classical driver in `VBNetDriver`.

>    The code structure is similar to the [C# example](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/quantum/quickstart#step-3-enter-the-c-driver-code), so I won't go into the details here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The code structure is similar to the [C# example](https://docs.microsoft.com/quantum/quickstart#step-3-enter-the-c-driver-code), so we won't go into the details here.
```

> 

Reviewer: Referencing your VB.NET blog post may be reasonable here.

## Running the Sample

Open the `Quantum_Fsharp.sln` solution in Visual Studio and set project `FsharpDriver` as the startup project. Press Start to run the sample.

## Q# Code in the Sample

   This example uses the last problem from [this quantum kata](https://github.com/Microsoft/QuantumKatas/tree/master/DeutschJozsaAlgorithm), 
   which solves a task similar to the Bernstein–Vazirani algorithm, but has a slightly more interesting classical answer verification code. 
   

>    The problem is stated as follows: You are given a black box quantum oracle which implements a classical function 𝐹 which takes 𝑛 digits of binary input and produces a binary output.

Reviewer: Would referencing conceptual docs on oracles be helpful hjere?

*It is also possible to use Q# with VB.NET; for an example, see [this blog post](https://github.com/tcNickolas/MiscQSharp/tree/master/Quantum_VBNet).*

Q# code is compiled to C# for the purposes of local simulation, so using Q# with C# is very straightforward, as described in the documentation. Using Q# with F# is a little less obvious, since you can't mix Q# and F# files in the same project. You have to create a Q# library (which will yield a .csproj project with only Q# files in it) and then reference it from a purely F# application.

The steps are as follows:

1. Create a Q# library `QuantumCode` and write your quantum code in it.
2. Create an F# application (in this case a console app targeting .NET Core) `FsharpDriver`.
3. Add a reference to the Q# library to the F# application.

   You can use [Reference Manager](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/ide/how-to-add-or-remove-references-by-using-the-reference-manager) in Visual Studio to do that, or you can add the reference from the command line:

    ```PowerShell
    PS>  dotnet add .\FsharpDriver\FsharpDriver.vbproj reference .\QuantumCode\QuantumCode.csproj
    ```
   

>    This will transitively include   `Microsoft.Quantum.Development.Kit` NuGet package to the F# application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This will transitively include the [`Microsoft.Quantum.Development.Kit` NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Quantum.Development.Kit) to the F# application.
```
